Internal booking application
-
1. - Start the application on your desired IDE (Developed on Intellij) after Maven Reload Project
    - Or Run mvn install and mvn spring-boot:run
    - App starts at http://localhost:8080

2. Go to http://localhost:8080/h2-console for h2 db.

3. Some mocking data should be added to h2 db runnding flyway script.
4. Trade can be created by calling POST create trade API http://localhost:8080/v1/trade/create, for detail please see postman collection / swagger.
5. Report can be generated by calling POST trade report http://localhost:8080/v1/trade/report, for detail please see postman collection / swagger.


Assumption 
-

- There would be a dropdown / selection for user to select productType, broker and tradeDate.
- If follows Domain Driven Design, productEntityRepository and brokerEntityRepository should not be in TradeBizSvcImpl.
- Assume the user cannot select the time of the trade, so all time stored and query will be the same.
- Assume storing the product's properties in productName in each trade, and no specific format on them, as long as consistent for each productType. 

Thoughts
- 
Request Body
- Could enhance to Array of Object with Key, Value and operator for dynamic filter, done by criteria API and Specification. But no required for current requirement.
- For productType and productSubType, there could be another table to store the productType, and filter by productTypeId. But split into two String query at this stage.
-
Report
- Extended report format could be some child class inherits TradeDTO.  

Testing
- Due to lack of knowledge in mockito, I put repository query in Service Test, which should be done via Mockito to mock.